I have captured photos and my own observations here: https://rkbairi.github.io/14Woodlands/photos.html

Below are the overall feedback on the property:
Summary of Cleanliness: Professionally cleaned. Disagree. There was dust, dirt, sticky surfaces, grime lines, etc.
Windows not cleaned.
Stains and marks on doors.
Woodwork - cracks and chipping found.
The carpet does not appear to have been professionally cleaned throughout. We walk barefoot inside the house and have noticed a thick black residue on our feet, indicating dirt throughout the carpet.
Heating/Air conditioning - Rusted, pipes with green oxidization. This is observed on all heating/air conditioning, throughout the property.
8-9 spiders spotted in bedrooms, reception, kitchen and landing areas.

Entrance and Stairs:
Not professionally cleaned. Carpets did not appear to be steam cleaned, only vacuum cleaned.
Door handle tarnished.
Window 1 - not cleaned, black grime lines.
Heating/Air conditioning - Rusted, pipes with green oxidization.
Walls on both sides of staircase stained and scratchy.

Landing area:
The carpet does not appear to have been professionally cleaned. 
Walls stained, scratchy everywhere.

Hot Water Tank Cupboard
Interior dirty, Undisposed paint and construction waste.

Storage Cupboard
Undisposed waste throughout.

WC/Toilet
Floor and walls have black grime lines throughout the grouting. Not cleaned professionally.

Bathroom
Floor and walls have black grime lines throughout the grouting. Not cleaned professionally.
Bathroom and shower cubicle walls have blackish grime lines on the grouting. Chips on the walls in bathroom, shower cubicle and toilet.
Floor has cracks and missing filling in the grouting.
Scratch marks and peeled paint on the door, door frame.
Mirror slightly hazy and dull. Mirror holders rusted. Black/Brown dirt on the edges.
Shower head, rods not very clean. Slightly blackish, limescale, unshiny.

Bedroom 1
Carpet stained, not professionally cleaned.
Scratch marks and paint peels on the door.
Window edges and frame not cleaned. Full of black dirt. Visible on opening the window.
Condensation on window glasses.
Curtain rod and curtain closing mechanism not functioning properly. Curtains not closing fully. Few hooks damaged or missing.
One light not working
Table edge chipped off.
9 piece mirror stuck to the wall, but one piece missing.

Bedroom 2
Carpet does not appear to be professionally cleaned.
Paint peel marks and scratches on the door.
Only one key present for the door.
Door frame has many brownish yellow patch marks throughout.
Ceiling - moulds everywhere.
Walls - moulds everywhere. Peeled paint.
Moulds on top side of window.
Window edges and frame not cleaned. Full of black dirt. Visible on opening the window.
Condensation on top windows.
Curtain rod and curtain closing mechanism not functioning properly. Curtains not closing fully. Few hooks damaged or missing.
Dressing table light not working and fallen off (see the photo). Light holding brackets loose/broken. Light was glued using tapes, which eventually fell off.
Dressing table top has a huge cut (see the photo)

Reception
Carpet does not appear to be professionally cleaned.
Window edges and frame not cleaned. Full of black dirt. Visible on opening the window.
Condensation on top windows.
Sofa top lining fully peeled off. That is why you see grey coloured top, and brown coloured bottom. The brown lining from bottom is also getting peeled off.
Two chocolate brown leather effect pouffe - scratches and leather lining peeled off at many places.
Vacuum cleaner not working. I have asked Foxton/landlord to remove/dispose it.

Kitchen
Not professionally cleaned. Blackish brown grime lines on grouting, sticky platform surfaces, sticky chairs.
Oven rusted and scratchy inside (see my photos)
Floor - 10 tiles are cracked. Two tiles are wobbly.
Chairs - sticky and rusty.
Platform/Work surface - Sticky throughout. Bleached throughout. Heavily scratched throughout.
Sink - steel is dull and scratched at few places.
Washing machine - soap tray not cleaned.
Extractor - mesh not clean, greasy. Inside not cleaned - greasy, oily.

